my question that I'm posing to myself
and I'm thinking you're probably posing
to me is Jen is this stuff really really
worth it hello my friends welcome to my
review of the Frog Prince collection by
lipstick Queen okay so this is the story
about why I wanted to get these and you
may remember this back in I want to say
the late 80s ish if you were alive then
they had color-changing lipsticks and
some of the drugstores buy me I want to
say it was the late 80s and I remember
being like mom this is so cool like I
remember they had him at the beach when
we went to the beach of the summer my
mom was like girl you don't you not me
shouldn't say girl but she was like you
don't Jenny you don't need
color-changing lipstick and I was like
what Mohammed so cool she's like no we
didn't have a lot of money back then so
I didn't my mom didn't buy me like
little goofy things like that so when I
saw color-changing lipstick for the
first time actually ad thank you I'm
pretty sure it was the born pretty store
where I get a bunch of my nails stuff
rum I actually bought a couple of
lipsticks from them it cosmetics has one
that is color change it's a brand on
HauteLook that had a ton of it for
really cheap I bought like a big kid of
it and I cannot find any of it anywhere
it's one of those things where like I
didn't like the formula the formula
wasn't very hydrating and it's stained
really weird and stuff but but I did I
have tried other products like this
before so I do have a basis of
comparison
so my question that I'm posing to myself
and I'm thinking you're probably posing
to me is Jen is this stuff really really
worth it because I will tell you that
between these three products it's about
seventy five dollars the blush is 24 the
lip gloss is 25 and the lipstick is 25
that's pretty steep so it's got to be
pretty awesome
to make it worth it so let's just go
into let's just show you the swatches
and then I'll give you the review so
here comes swatches
a little bit too costly
Oh
all right so looking at the swatches you
can see the tone of how everything looks
of course I'm wearing the blush and I
actually have just the lip gloss on my
lips at this point let's talk a little
bit about where time the blush I would
say is my favorite product of the three
if there's anything I feel like is a
recommend to you it would be the blush
just because for me it is a beautiful
color and as you can see in the little
application demo thing that I just
showed you it can go on very very very
bright if you want it to but it's also
it also will blend out very nicely and
the lasting power on this is really good
really really good lasted me all day
long
I remember periscoping the first time I
use this and the afternoon will actually
guess it was the evening at that point
was probably almost seven o'clock
probably at that point and my blush was
still very much on and everybody was
like whoa look at your boss it's still
there like yes I know it's that Frog
Prince blush can you believe it
so for me yes it's gimmicky and it's
actually changing colors in the pan here
and when I apply it with a stippling
brush it actually changed colors on the
brush not on my cheek I don't think this
is going to change for skin tone I think
it more changes for the heat but even
that doesn't only make sense because the
brush I wouldn't think would be hot I
pulled it right out of my brush little
thingy and it still changed color on the
brush so I don't really know why it
changes color but it's actually already
changing a little bit of color like the
top layer of it is actually already pink
where it's been swirled so oh but anyway
my point is in the end it's a good
product is what it comes down to so of
anything if you're looking to try a
cream blush I would definitely recommend
this the next one that I think is pretty
good is the lipstick the lipstick is
very hydrating which is the difference
between this and some of the other
products that I've used that are these
color-changing ones like the cheaper
ones that you get from like born pretty
store or that company on HauteLook I'll
put it down below if I can figure out
what the world that company was but they
were just not good now the it cosmetics
one is also very hydrating and it
doesn't have the creepy green color so
you know maybe you might want to get
this one the it cosmetics one is a
little bit lighter in tone this one's a
little more berry tone this one's a
little more pink tone so if you like the
bit
we go for the lipstick Queen if you like
the pink tone go for the it cosmetics
but overall I really do like this
lipstick is a worth twenty-five dollars
to me absolutely not I would say this is
worth a good twelve dollar lipstick but
there's no good staining power there's
no like longevity of it nothing that
makes it like a stand out product is it
a beautiful beautiful color absolutely
it's a beautiful color is it a nice
product absolutely but I think the price
point is a little too high I would pay
twelve to fifteen dollars for this not
twenty-five you know my least favorite
product that I got was the lip gloss
this is going back to the store I'm not
sure if the lipstick is or not I'm
definitely keeping the blush the
lipstick maybe going back I haven't
decided
but the lip gloss the lip gloss has
little tiny specks of green glitter in
it if it didn't have the specks of green
glitter in it I'd be cool with it but
the problem is it's over time when you
wear it through the day the color fades
but the glitter stays so you end up with
your natural color lips with little
green speckles on your lips and that's
just not attractive in my mind I do not
like that look on me I don't like the
way it looks I don't I don't like green
speckles random green speckles speckles
on my lips and they'll fall down on to
my chin you know if I like let's say I
eat and I use a napkin
little green speckles on my chin on the
lip gloss because of the glitter if it
didn't have the glitter I would say yes
but lasting power is typical it's
expensive it's expensive and the answer
is no so that is my review of the Frog
Prince products I hope that you found
that helpful if you did definitely click
the subscribe button it is right over
there and that way you're notified when
I make new videos I have lots of new
reviews coming out soon I have a four
looks one palette coming out with
kristen game next week this is the first
look in the four looks one palette with
my friend Kristin and it's the girls on
film talent by makeup revolution we're
going to be doing four looks each of us
with this palette and this is the first
one so definitely subscribe if you want
to see that and I want to thank you guys
so so so much for watching
mad love to you and I'll see you in the
next video hello my friends weapons in
my review of the lipstick queen frog
print collection now this is the thing
oh of course
hello my friends welcome to my review of
the lipstick queen throne Prince
collection
alright so oh my gosh seriously Dawg
really this is not gonna work you you
being here is not gonna work
because you're gonna make noise and
you're gonna be loud and you're the all
jiggly jangling what really you want
some lipstick you want some lipstick now
you got lipstick dawg